digit:0|1|2|3|4|5|6|7|8|9
nozero_digit:1|2|3|4|5|6|7|8|9
alphabet:a|b|c|d|e|f|g|h|i|j|k|l|m|n|o|p|q|r|s|t|u|v|w|x|y|z|A|B|C|D|E|F|G|H|I|J|K|L|M|N|O|P|Q|R|S|T|U|V|W|X|Y|Z
key_word:int|double|char|float|const|auto|break|case|continue|do|while|if|else|switch|enum|for|do|long|short|static|struct|typedef|unsigned|void|return|break|scanf|print|function
start:$ identifier
start:$ limiter
start:$ operator
start:$ string
start:$ number
limiter:,
limiter:;
limiter:[
limiter:]
limiter:(
limiter:)
limiter:{
limiter:}
operator:+
operator:-
operator:*
operator:/
operator:!
operator:%
operator:^
operator:&
operator:=
operator:~
operator:"
operator:<<
operator:>>
operator:++
operator:--
operator:>
operator:<
identifier:_
identifier:alphabet
identifier:_ identifier_tail
identifier:alphabet identifier_tail
identifier_tail:_
identifier_tail:digit
identifier_tail:alphabet
identifier_tail:_ identifier_tail
identifier_tail:digit identifier_tail
identifier_tail:alphabet identifier_tail
number:digit
number:nozero_digit number_tail
number_tail:digit
number_tail:digit number_tail
number_tail:e number_tail
string:" string_tail
string_tail:, string_tail
string_tail:; string_tail
string_tail:[ string_tail
string_tail:] string_tail
string_tail:( string_tail
string_tail:) string_tail
string_tail:{ string_tail
string_tail:} string_tail
string_tail:. string_tail
string_tail:+ string_tail
string_tail:- string_tail
string_tail:* string_tail
string_tail:/ string_tail
string_tail:! string_tail
string_tail:% string_tail
string_tail:^ string_tail
string_tail:& string_tail
string_tail:= string_tail
string_tail:~ string_tail
string_tail:" string_tail
string_tail:" string_tail
string_tail:< string_tail
string_tail:> string_tail
string_tail:_ string_tail
string_tail:# string_tail
string_tail:digit string_tail
string_tail:alphabet string_tail
string_tail:"